before we begin let me start by saying
this is it's the beginning of the end
the stars of our movie today
I guess he's back but is anywhere else
really matter give our story begins with
do I really have to say it again so I'm
scrolling back story takes less noble to
cool or dead our story really begins
with this Easter peope taking this thing
called a Sith wayfinder well what is
that layer so glad you asked Jeb it's
this thing you can find in any JJ Abrams
has to helps you find your way this is
retirement home where you can find the
creeper who's your girlfriend's granddad
who also conceived your granddad without
even using a Packer grass ash MRA
confused but I Stu you can fact check it
and after he gets to the planet he finds
Palpatine and he's like are you honest
assam your errand boy and he tells
callow that all that time he thought he
was hearing the strange voice and smoke
and vada it was really just his crusty
old so not only is Falcon the Big Kahuna
of this is bass also have been trailer
quest get the cow town so pro protein
has made thousands of ships equipped
with advanced technology
state-of-the-art innovative big
boom-boom weapons that can destroy
millions of lives think of him as the
Star Wars rendition of Steve Jobs and
what does he tell Kyle oh he got a do oh
just kill your girlfriend so finding the
brother getting Intel from this alien
named boo leo and if he married glenn
his name would be Puleo google hill
that's funny
oh so now she thinks she's the [ __ ]
avatar what other Jedi did you see
levitating even Yoda had a damn hover
around and raised like I could network
for dead Jedi day Kyle you you don't
call them they just don't want to talk
to you and she actually says I'm just
not feeling myself and Leia just look at
her like okay don't go get irritated
there's movies only read pg-13 and Ray
says oh whoa your brother saber one day
I see perfect can bandaid on that PU and
Kyle
get out you kids don't have respect for
so you remember them books a girl set on
fire
Yodas like trover my dear because when
you live for eternity in the force you
get bored and just stuck in with people
so everything I just told you about the
pecker free poopoo gene and the Sith way
they know all this moving home oh except
this part right here Leigh is like oh my
dad I mean I never shot a guy who fought
that fight and tell me he look like an
California raisin I was off doing the
nasty with hime but he said I'm creepy
to me so all the brothers journey off
onto there bro venture well kylo repairs
that thing he uses to cover his Smurfs
abuse scars and Julio no how could you
kill bully oh cool oh you sick bastards
then Connaught not gonna raise false
door and when she opens it he's like huh
it's me stain he proceeds to tell her
his master plan to develop manufacturer
and get rich off of selling his bony who
could it be
can't you see is Billy Dee no fake mama
god I could still smell the Colt 45 like
it was yesterday
and Lando's like give Leia my love and
Ray says you should give it to yourself
then Lando just hit that like I know
those movies only rated pg-13
Shane's been carrying the church for me
all these years huh it's a big church I
don't know how to tell him I'm every bit
the bombshell I was back in the day and
there's a long chase skip they fall into
this gravel a bellybutton in the planet
that looks an awful lot like Twitter
tween and wouldn't you know it they find
a dangle with a hand written in
Parseltongue that tells you where you
can find that compass that doesn't point
north then they get confronted by a
basilisk which she heals so you can know
this kind of power as possible and
you'll understand it later in the movie
when kylo saves her and wouldn't you
know it his big slither it was writing
away there
it all true it finally gonna do it
looking for that cliff
[Music]
but they ain't no water here so you just
hear a little splat Jeb she didn't do
that but he did get captured because
rate was too focused on that he's my son
and I love him but that's only what is
the part of this scene this is to show
she has a propensity to use the dark
side of the force just like an on paper
using granddaddy don't worry - it's not
dead
they don't milk it like it is but he
ain't dead don't have a long
conversation about you being dead huh
Jerry not dead
so to summarize three beep doe knows the
inscription to find the way to the
wayfinder but refuses to translate the
Sith language that is not however
preventing them from showing him a map
and having him point his 24-karat pinky
finger to where the damn thing is but
that makes too much sense so we're gonna
continue to bastardize this legendary
series by pretending to kill two beloved
characters in a row yeah they're
shouting today and then they say for
Chewie like they give a damn of course
they give a damn that was raised kinda
dad's job so they get escorted by this
reject from the beetle Boggs you don't
know who to be the bugs off little
rejects from the Power Rangers imagine
being a reject of the rejects of the
Power Rangers but here we are and they
got some Imperial primo leader badge or
something they helps you get into
Imperial ship and they get into some
Imperials and let's not forget that Finn
used to bust out the Scrubbing Bubbles
whenever the troopers would have a
little too much of that bad sloppy joe
in the Imperial cafeteria and leave a
sloppy poet in the Imperial toilet okay
so he's in the snow she's on the ship
they both on my nerves
and remember soldiers for hinkel he's a
spy for the rebels because he was salty
about kylo getting that promotion that's
it anyway yeah yeah she got an OPEC or
using granddaddy and said please put the
mask back on don't nobody want to see
that nasty [ __ ] and then go to the moon
and the Endor system we're raised as my
chief ugly emo son to the chant while I
was just acting with threats of a
serious but don't see what you didn't
sound dude [ __ ] I sacrificed my glories
can you
I threw the papers or whatever that was
he attached it might have backup I'm
back I decided to get one more of those
big fat paychecks but then I'm getting
the out for reals so Carlos did because
I have to raise stabbed him through the
pancreas or whatever she said she didn't
want to kiss callo she wanted to bang
Ben she's in love with a man who
committed patricide patricide the
killing of one's father by stabbing him
through the chip and that's the actual
definition you can fact check it and he
throws his lightsaber out into the water
and then over here on whatever planet
welke Luke dad raised those her
lightsaber which is caught by uncle Luke
himself which i think is supposed to be
our contrast of the uncle Luke from
Episode seven where he once threw his
lightsaber away but is now telling her
not to throw away hers or some dumb such
as this okay well you showed him I'm
died so take my saber and unki [ __ ] and
there's a long flight while ray
simultaneously battles her grandpappy
who actually wants her to kill him so he
can transfer his spirit into her body
pervert
grass and the next part is just poop
using boom-booms and creepy granddad's
we all have that one and then I shine
runs into say his favorite piece of sin
oh yeah and then some levels of
stupidity I can't even begin to describe
something about how they are a yin and
yang or Butch and Sundance or Cheech and
Chong or dumb and dumber whose bond is
so strong it has the ability to
revitalize Captain creepy hangings
[Music]
and all the Jedi of the past say can't
do it without us Kenya loser because
apparently she's the Avatar who can
channel the energy of all the past
avatars of some such ripped-off
nonsensical unoriginal [ __ ]
so avatar state yip-yip are you tired of
lighting in your own face off because
you ain't got the self-control to stop
saving people and couple abeggar go down
with the ship and Billy Dee has to save
y'all's jumps and they both deceased hue
seventeen-year-old fangirl crying into
popcorn over chief ugly emo child
sacrifice himself to save damaged woman
in love with chief ugly emo child who
committed patricide oh it's so romantic
grass and just as she's all set up with
rigor mortis she comes back in time to
kiss a homicidal maniac before he
himself no rigor mortis I just wanna
know what rebels had a weapon strong
enough to split one of them just in half
and why didn't they use it befo and
they're a party and I don't know the
point of this I don't know if he meant I
could be your daddy
or if he meant I could be your daddy
bro Bros Bros don't hold hands they hug
and the 300 G's over here now little
circle they're rare eyes on a kitty and
she buries my in Luke's lightsabers and
they were lived on T so I can know why
she buried my lightsaber on that
godforsaken crest ball because if nobody
comes up and asked her what her damn
name is and she says Dawson Rose Dawson
the end I swear today Darth if they make
three more these MA cuz I quit
Jeff can I do the outro so this is my
last hurrah go ahead be sure like share
subscribe be a regular picks of math
unique spec JP upload more videos
probably a lot more now you can do good
movies like twister and unjust behalf I
would like to sing these wonderful
patients you always give Jeb their bucks
for movies explain floor I'm Jeb I'm
laughs Anaya we are getting married I'm
Jeb
you're way harder than that loser with
that flat to the big tits let our deep
bugling emo child 7 right isn't it